Issue#2908 (#2965)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-scoped-directory-search.md

Microsoft Teams lets organizations provide custom views of the directory to their users. Microsoft Teams uses [Exchange address book policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/address-books/address-book-policies/address-book-policies) to support these custom views. Once the policies are enabled, the results returned by searches for other users (for example, to initiate a chat or to add members to a team) will be scoped according to the configured policies. Users will not be able to search or discover teams when scoped search is in effect. 

> [!NOTE]

> > On Exchange hybrid enviroments, this feature will only work correctly for exchange online mailboxes, not for on-premises mailboxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In Exchange hybrid environments, this feature will only work correctly with Exchange Online mailboxes, and not with on-premises mailboxes.
```

> > In Exchange hybrid environments, this feature will only work correctly with Exchange Online mailboxes, and not with on-premises mailboxes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> In Exchange hybrid environments, this feature only works with Exchange Online mailboxes, and not with on-premises mailboxes.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
